and then I'll make a good end of the game
assassin's creed 3 and it's been a while
that the game released but I think it's still
it's worth catching the game and playing because
For this game, it's really fucking good and I wanted to
talk a little about the awards he
had to actually talk about things that did not
awards because it is he won nothing
face
like that, he should have arrived
maybe in the game of the year
I do not know if I'll play any more
nor for your best game
adventure goes that this played a fucking game
come and still on or games
I do not live at all but for example or
games access is often said that
he that game the disappointment of the year that this
goes by the wheel it may not have been
the same expectations that everyone
I had but the game, it's fucking expensive, back here.
from the flames of revolution
the camera will place you're not playing
but I think Americans 1775 conform
Latin American
good good is the portuguese cover here has
a software in an instruction manual in
weihai
I think it's one that a new route has
Portuguese Let's see but the game is the game
was scheduled in Portuguese to have the
dubbing in Portuguese I'll have to do
a download
now I can not do this
download because I'm traveling then
I do not have internet
but I'll see if then as such the
speed and then I I see how is the
Good side, I'll let you open here a lot.
careful to open I 'm afraid of
rip the acap
I think I could pull this
tip of the hardest veil open here
I think I showed but also the team.
with the original game is also not
focusing now you can take this part
here on the side
many people put this stamp inside the
xbox and wii xbox that xbox box
about the game
I never put it, I do not even know what it is.
mania or whatever worth something
our difficulty opens it normally
disgrace
watching two player cds or green with a
single player two business players that
should be a player in front and in the
back
only it has code right in front
Well, I wish I had not taken off my hat.
I can see that
and then we'll see the flags here
side
I think it's just the language in Portuguese
from Portugal
but then show the manual as well
very simple even if you do not make a new
more simple manual does not matter much
is the passport you get will focus get
instant access to multiplayer game
unlock your unique character to
shadow or shadow
Good but then this is what I wanted
show you
I hope you enjoyed
The video of a boxing is that's it then it's
beauty
Thank you and said